DOC-3808 Update key concept page Ledger (#542)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.8/open-source/key-concepts-ledger.md

## Summary

> * A distributed ledger is a database of facts that's replicated, shared, and synchronized across multiple participants.

Author: ```suggestion
* A distributed ledger is a database of facts that's replicated, shared, and synchronized across multiple participants on a network.
```

> ## Summary

Reviewer: I think what's missing from this topic is a very general introduction to the concept of a ledger (just a simple one-line intro, such as "A ledger represents the current state of affairs as a journal of transactions.") and a short introduction to the concept of decentralized ledgers. There are some good things in this article from Marco Polo that you could include, that are specific to Corda https://marcopolonetwork.com/articles/distributed-ledger-technology/

I might also include a short note paying lip service to DLT vs blockchain

> * *The ledger refers to all facts that are shared between the nodes of a network.*

Author: @erinking-r3, I thought on the Networks page you revised, you kept the italics?

This diagram shows a network with five nodes (Alice, Bob, Carl, Demi, and Ed). Each numbered circle on an intersection
represents a fact shared between two or more nodes:

{{< figure alt="ledger venn" width=80% zoom="/en/images/ledger-venn.png" >}}

In the diagram, facts 1 and 7 are known by both Alice and Bob. Alice only shares facts with Bob, Alice doesn't share
any facts with Carl, Demi, or Ed.

Each node only sees a subset of facts—their own facts and those that they share with others. No single node can view
the ledger in its entirety. For example, in the diagram Alice and Demi don’t share any facts, so they see a
completely different set of facts to each other.

## Shared facts

On Corda, there is no central or general agent which operates on behalf of all of the nodes on the network. Instead,
each node maintains its own vault which contains all of its known facts.

You can think of a vault as being a database or simple table. In this diagram, facts 1 and 7 appear on both Alice's
vault and Bob's vault, and are therefore shared facts:

{{< figure alt="ledger table" width=80% zoom="/en/images/ledger-table.png" >}}

> Corda guarantees that when a fact is shared across multiple nodes on the network, it evolves in lockstep in each of
> these nodes' vaults. This means that Alice and Bob will both see an *exactly identical version* of shared facts 1 and 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple nodes on a network share an evolving fact, the changes to the fact update at the same time in each node's vault. This means that Alice and Bob will both see an *exactly identical version* of shared facts 1 and 7.
```

On-ledger facts don't have to be shared between nodes. For example, fact 11 in Alice's vault is not shared with Bob.
Facts that are not shared are *unilateral facts*.

{{< note >}}

> Although there is no central ledger, you can broadcast a basic fact to all nodes of a network using the network map

Reviewer: I might give an example/use case for this to further clarify what that means, and also link to the network map page.
